number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment. many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs. the foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states. compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements. we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. to send donations or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate. while we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate. international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states. u.s. laws alone swamp our small staff. please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses. donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. to donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate. section 5. general information about project gutenberg electronic works professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone. for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support. project gutenberg ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included. thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition. most people start at our website which has the main pg search facility: www.gutenberg.org. this website includes information about project gutenberg, including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation, how to help produce our new ebooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks.