prepare) your periodic tax returns. royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4, “information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.” • you provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license. you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works. • you provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.f.3, a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work. • you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works. 1.e.9. if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation, the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark. contact the foundation as set forth in section 3 below. 1.f. 1.f.1. project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection. despite these efforts, project gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment. 1.f.2. limited warranty, disclaimer of damages - except for the “right of replacement or refund” described in paragraph 1.f.3, the project gutenberg literary archive foundation, the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. you agree that you have no remedies for negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty or breach of contract except those provided in paragraph 1.f.3. you agree that the foundation, the trademark owner, and any distributor under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual, direct, indirect, consequential, punitive or incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage. 1.f.3. limited right of replacement or refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the