321.--=tamandaré=. é o nome do noé indigena. a tradição rezava que na occasião do diluvio elle escapara no olho de uma palmeira, e depois povoára a terra. é a lenda que conta pery. fim das notas do tomo segundo. *** end of the project gutenberg ebook o guarany: romance brazileiro, vol. 2 (of 2) *** updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed. creating the works from print editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties. special rules, set forth in the general terms of use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark. project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an ebook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark. if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the trademark license is very easy. you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research. project gutenberg ebooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law. redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution. start: full license the full project gutenberg™ license please read this before you distribute or use this work to protect the project gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “project gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. section 1. general terms of use and redistributing project gutenberg electronic works 1.a. by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement. if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg electronic works in your possession. if you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8. 1.b. “project gutenberg” is a registered trademark. it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this