nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research. project gutenberg ebooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law. redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution. start: full license the full project gutenberg™ license please read this before you distribute or use this work to protect the project gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “project gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. section 1. general terms of use and redistributing project gutenberg electronic works 1.a. by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement. if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg electronic works in your possession. if you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8. 1.b. “project gutenberg” is a registered trademark. it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. see paragraph 1.c below. there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg electronic works. see paragraph 1.e below. 1.c. the project gutenberg literary archive foundation (“the foundation” or pglaf), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg electronic works. nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states. if an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed. of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg name