foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org. section 3. information about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation the project gutenberg literary archive foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service. the foundation’s ein or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541. contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state’s laws. the foundation’s business office is located at 41 watchung plaza #516, montclair nj 07042, usa, +1 (862) 621-9288. email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the foundation’s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact section 4. information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment. many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs. the foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states. compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements. we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. to send donations or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate. while we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate. international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states. u.s. laws alone swamp our small staff. please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses. donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. to donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate. section 5. general information about project gutenberg electronic works professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone. for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support. project gutenberg ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are