agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law. the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions. 1.f.6. indemnity - you agree to indemnify and hold the foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the foundation, anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any project gutenberg work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg work, and (c) any defect you cause. section 2. information about the mission of project gutenberg project gutenberg is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life. volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg’s goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg collection will remain freely available for generations to come. in 2001, the project gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for project gutenberg and future generations. to learn more about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org. section 3. information about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation the project gutenberg literary archive foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service. the foundation’s ein or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541. contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state’s laws. the foundation’s business office is located at 41 watchung plaza #516, montclair nj 07042, usa, +1 (862) 621-9288. email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the foundation’s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact section 4. information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in